Hotfix/0.303.1 (#1167)
massgov/openmass: CHANGELOG.md

> ## [0.304.0] - November 17, 2021

Author: ```suggestion
## [0.303.1] - November 17, 2021
```

### Fixed

>   - DP-23441: Remove old validation code on Alerts content type.

Author: ```suggestion
  - DP-23441: Remove old validation code on Alert (Page-level and Organization) content type.
```
